# Watson Assistant Web Chat Language Configuration

## Overview

This folder contains [ICU Message Format](http://userguide.icu-project.org/formatparse/messages) JSON representations of all of the languages that are supported by both Watson Assistant dialog skills and the Web Chat widget. Web Chat defaults to English (US), but you can pass in an object of language strings with
[the updateLanguagePack](../public#instanceupdatelanguagepack) method.

Note that the provided JSON object does not need to contain all strings, but just the strings you want to update. Your changes will be merged with the existing language strings.

Even if you do not need to change languages, you can also edit these strings if you want to customize the messages for branding or stylistic reasons.

## Available Locales

In addition to language strings, we allow a more specific setting of `locale`. A `locale` goes beyond language strings.
A `locale` also controls the format dates and times the web chat shows. For instance, date strings in UK English vs US English will be different (DD-MM-YYYY vs MM-DD-YYYY). This setting does NOT automatically change any strings in your dialog or search skill, but
applies to any strings generated by Web Chat itself. The current accepted locales are listed below. They are a superset
of the languages available for your dialog skill.

 **Available locales**: ar, 'ar-dz', 'ar-kw', 'ar-ly', 'ar-ma', 'ar-sa', 'ar-tn', cs, de, 'de-at', 'de-ch', en, 'en-sg', 'en-au', 'en-ca', 'en-gb', 'en-ie', 'en-il', 'en-nz', es, 'es-do', 'es-us', fr, 'fr-ca', 'fr-ch', it, 'it-ch', ja, ko, pt, 'pt-br', zh, 'zh-cn', 'zh-tw'
